# About Me Diane Frola
My name is Diane Frola and I am a sophomore at Christopher Newport University, majoring in communication with a minor in film and writing. The writing minor is particularly why I am taking english 350. After college my goal is to one day go into journalism and broadcasting or maybe film. I’ve always dreamed about working on movie sets doing camera and tech work. I’m a big movie buff so working in that field has always been an ideal I hope to achieve one day. I'm actually currently going through a big classic movie list right now and watching all the movies I haven't seen in my free time. A few of my favorites from the list have been: _Pulp Fiction_, _The Shawshank Redemption_, and _The Silence of Lambs_. My all time favorite movie though is _Good Will Hunting_, as I have a special love for Robin Williams movies. Matt Damon with a Boston accent is also a great plus. Besides watching movies I spend a lot of time reading, doing photography and playing soccer. I actually played the sport for ten years and then coached for three. As well as being the oldest of three kids I am also the proud owner of the cutest dog in the world, at least in my opinion. His name is Mugsy and he’s the laziest dog ever. He's also super fat, i've been trying to get him on a diet for years but my dad and brother love to give him table scraps. When I'm not at home with my family and most importantly my dog, I am a full time student at Cnu. At school I work as a writer and photographer for the [Captain's Log](http://thecaptainslog.org), the school newspaper. I also work for their combined organization,[CNUTV](https://www.facebook.com/thecaptainslog/),as a videographer. Those are both just clubs though so in terms of real and official paying jobs, I work for CNU Athletics Production. So if you're ever at an CNU sporting event I will most likely be there filming. 

