# TEI Coding Project of "_The Yellow Wallpaper_

For this project, I was assigned to create a code of a few pages from Charlotte Perkins Gilman’s “_The Yellow Wallpaper._” Using the program Oxygen, a helpful XML (eXtensive Markup language) editor, I coded my text into TEI (Text Encoding Initiative). The basis of this project was to help in the process of coding all of Gilman's beautiful and tragic semi-autobiographical story of a woman's mental health journey in the late 1800s. 

I have never done any coding before in my life so beginning this project was very intimidating. All computer stuff like this has always been very scary to me as it looks like a foreign language, and I've always been horrible at languages. Five years of struggling in Spanish classes didn’t give me much hope in learning a new language. And approaching this project in that mindset created a lot of anxiety for me.

I realize now that I definitely shouldn't have been so nervous at starting this project as it turned out to be a lot easier than I expected. All of the codes look very confusing but once you are sat down and explained all the meanings and rules as I was by my professor it became very clear. My professor also created a video explaining all the steps which was immensely helpful in my processes of coding. The video gave me the ability to follow along step by step and pause at any time. 

Once I got a grasp of what I was doing I had a lot of fun creating my code. The process had a very clear and repetitive structure to it that I surprisingly found very relaxing and enjoyable. I have realized that I shouldn't have gone into the project viewing it as a new language but instead as a different style of writing. Writing has always been a passion of mine, with it even being my minor. In my experience with things such as writing for CNU’s newspaper and my different classes, I have learned there are many types of writing and styles. After this experience, I have started to view coding as just a different style of writing which was why I enjoyed the project so much. 

So I have realized now I came into this project viewing it in the wrong way. It was very intimidating at the start and I definitely thought I was gonna have to go through the process thoroughly confused the whole time. But I have learned it is a lot simpler than it seems and have even discovered it is something I really enjoyed doing. I had a lot of fun with this project and I would definitely be open to doing it again in the future. 

